fix: nested external workflow in json logs (#1974)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/short-mayflies-lay.md

---
"@redocly/respect-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed: JSON logs now properly capture data from nested external workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where JSON logs did not properly capture data from nested external workflows.
```
